[Music]
it's a big day today
we have a new neighbor and we're all
very excited
well jane and i certainly are
[Music]
you ready let's call it seven
what time does the film start half past
seven
okay he's nice
he's very nice
but not good looking he is good looking
hmm it's nearly ten to seven
who's that new neighbor that's a nice
car
i bet it's fast that thing that's slow
it's very expensive
it's cheap is it
oh yeah and it's horrible
let's say hello now
yes
hello hi i'm helen
i'm simon and i'm jane hi jane
come in and meet the others okay
this is matt hi i'm simon hello
and i'm david hi would you like some tea
or coffee
oh yes coffee please matt can you
what oh yeah sure
milk no sugar right let me give you a
hand
have a seat thanks so where are you from
simon
newcastle david's from manchester oh
i'm from london i'm from brighton
and matt comes from birmingham
what do you do i'm a marketing assistant
for mcdougall's the publishing company
i'm a drama teacher david's a lawyer
and matt runs a computer game shop
what about you i'm a journalist really
where do you work i work in london for a
sports magazine
do you know work out know it i
buy it really
sometimes
hate being late for films biscuits no
i go to the office most days but on
wednesdays and fridays i work from home
here's your coffee oh thank you
the film starts at 7 30. oh i'm sorry i
didn't really
don't worry the cinema is only 10
minutes away
come on man let's sway it in the car bye
bye hi nice to meet you
tell us about your job simon okay
the film starts in quarter of an hour
where are they
what do you do at weekends i
play tennis watch football go to the
cinema go to clubs
do you have a girlfriend chilling
it's okay no i don't actually more
coffee
jane
[Applause]
[Music]
hang on i've got an idea
he doesn't have a girlfriend he likes
tennis
but he also likes football and going to
the cinema
it's david the film starts in 10 minutes
say goodbye to your big boring boyfriend
and hurry up just a moment
helen it's david
[Music]
[Applause]
i really like simon unfortunately jane
likes him too
but i'm not sure if david does
breakfast is usually a quiet time in our
house
but not always good morning morning
what oh sorry morning
where's matt in bed why
he owes me 10 pounds oh he doesn't start
work until one today
oh yeah
okay see you later you need some
breakfast
have a slice of toast good idea
can i thanks hey it's my toast
bye bye enjoy my breakfast
oh no
so
hello math it's jane
hello matt it's jane
hi listen matt i need your help
i can't find my purse and it has my cash
card and everything in it
i think it's in the kitchen could you
look for it
okay hold on
okay i'm in the kitchen can you see it
no
sorry
is there anything on the table there are
some plates there's helen's mug
but no purse
how about on the work surfaces
i can't see it there's only the
newspaper
could you look under it okay
i've got it oh thanks matt
i was really worried can you put it on
the kitchen table
i can pick it up later okay bye
[Music]
my keys i don't believe it
matt answer the door please
tenant and low david price speaking oh
david thank heavens you're there
jane what's wrong everything first i
couldn't find my purse so i couldn't get
any money from the bank
and now i'm outside the house and i
can't find my keys
where's matt he was at home before but
he's not here now
i can't get away at the moment but i'll
try to come back in
about 20 minutes is that okay that's
brilliant
thanks david no problem see you later
bye
[Music]
are you okay jay oh simon
hi what's the problem i don't have my
keys
they're in the house but i think i can
get in through that window
no you can't it's too dangerous i'll do
it
okay
thanks
be careful
hi jane hi matt
matt where were you
i was here couldn't you hear me
sorry it's okay simon
matt's here he was at home all the time
you can come down now
no i can't i think i'm stuck
hello simon you're right
no i'm not oh dear
can somebody help me please
david and matt rescued simon in the end
but we didn't see simon for a few days
after that i think he was a bit
[Music]
embarrassed
our favorite bar is freud's we go there
a lot
especially on friday and saturday
[Music]
evenings
what time are helen and david coming
half past eight
right hey guess what
i saw simon last week really
that isn't very strange he lives next
door
oh ha ha very funny no
i saw him in here he has very good taste
you know i think he really likes oh no
what's wrong but the bar don't look
who hi danny
who is she matt she was
my girlfriend
really really
[Music]
how long were you together
a month only a month
it was a very long month
right when did you last see her
about three years ago she moved to
london
but she sometimes rings me at work
so she still likes you unfortunately yes
[Music]
how long is it three yes you still have
beautiful eyes
[Music]
you are happy to see me aren't you matty
hello my name's jane
sorry jane is my fiance
pleased to meet you beyonce
i didn't know you were engaged when did
he get engaged
about six weeks ago months ago
where did you meet on the internet
[Music]
we met in a chat room on the internet
and then we met face-to-face at a club
yeah
uh right
yes that's right it was
at a club and we fell in love didn't we
matt
yes we did i was very shy at first but
matt was wonderful
and when did he get engaged on the 18th
of march
uh no it was on the 19th
don't you remember oh yes you're right
darling
where's the room sorry
didn't you buy an engagement ring
for jane
he did i did i did
but i don't wear it because it's a
secret
nobody knows we're engaged
now who wants a drink no
thank you same again please darling
matt i can't believe it you're engaged
i thought that yeah sorry about that
deb don't tell anybody about jane
it is a secret
oh no what is it look at matt
he's with deb paul matt
he really didn't want to see her again
yeah poor matt
[Music]
come on let's go and help him
david he needs our help
hello deb how are you hello uh helen
hi hi
did you tell deb our news
what news matt really
matt and i are engaged
what is it
[Music]
hi everybody what's the matter
there's something wrong darling so
you're engaged to matt
and jane is jane's
with me
but i thought uh would anyone like a
drink
jane and i told matt it's okay to have
two fiances
but he can only marry one of us
david's preparing a romantic dinner for
his girlfriend julia
unfortunately he isn't the world's most
confident cook
what is it it's thai chicken with chili
i like thai food look julia will be here
soon
aren't you going out it's not very hot
what do you mean i put lots of chili in
it
here let me i'll get that
matt's right it needs more chili powder
hey there's julia hold up
julia's already at the station she's
early matt no
hey give that to me
david don't what's wrong i put some more
chili powder in
so did i
hmm too hot of course it's too hot
julia can't eat this and she'll be here
in quarter of an hour i can't cook
anything in 15 minutes
jane can she's a fantastic cook matt
jane isn't here don't phone her
[Music]
sorry sorry
hello jane it's helen we need your help
what's wrong julie is coming to dinner
and
matt ruined david's delicious thai
chicken oh dear
what can you think of something is there
any pasta in the cupboard
[Music]
pasta pasta yes it's some pasta how much
is there
half a kilo that's plenty
what about tuna
there are two small tins
matt are there any mushrooms and onions
yes there are
we've got everything okay
matt boil some water can i do anything
it can't be her it's only 10 to 8. don't
worry we can do this
what next david go
this is nice here sit down
would you like some wine yes please
why don't you sit down i can't
first course oh good i'm really hungry
fry the onions yep
mmm that was delicious what's the main
course i can't wait
uh it's a surprise oh
have some more wine thank you
i had a really busy day today didn't
have time for lunch
it's lovely to be here and have a quiet
dinner and simply relax
i'll just get the main course great
here you are thank you so much thank
jane
jay hi jane you're wonderful
no problem
thanks
how exciting what is it it's called
pasta
smells very good oh hang on i forgot the
sound
this is much nicer than a restaurant
it's more romantic
and is the food better too possibly
thanks
hmm david this is absolutely delicious
can you give me the recipe the recipe
i can but um but what it's a family
secret
oh david really
[Music]
matt jane and i did a good job for david
maybe we could open a restaurant
so where are we having a party on a boat
you're joking
jane's sister alison is staying for the
weekend
she's going to an engagement party for
tom and zoe two old friends of hers
sounds like fun what are you going to
wear
i bought a new dress it's really lovely
can we see it
sure
oh that's beautiful do you really think
so
you're going to look fantastic oh thanks
oh gosh i've got to get a move on where
are you going i'm going into town to buy
a present for tom and zoe
what are you going to get them oh i've
no idea
something romantic see you later bye bye
what are you doing
hi hi
is that another new dress it's not mine
who's is it it's allison's it's quite
nice
quite nice it's wonderful is it made of
matt what's that ball oh
it's no good i'm afraid the stain's not
coming out
what am i gonna do alison's going to be
really upset
buy another dress what does the label
say
new york paris milan i think it's very
expensive
why never mind
okay let's go and get another dress
all of us this is an emergency matt
okay jane you go with matt take the
shops on the left
i'll go with david we'll take the shops
on the right have you got all the
details
hi everyone alison oh hi
what's she doing we're um
we're planning our shopping okay see you
back at the house
yeah right bye bye
have you got your mobiles good luck
any news from jane and matt this is
hopeless
what about this one it's too small
this one looks bigger it's the wrong
kind of white
the wrong kind of white david
look that dress is almost exactly the
same as alison's
excuse me oh no she's going to buy it
hang on
can i help you yes can i try this on
please excuse me
i don't think it's white enough i'm
sorry i think this one's much better
oh really yeah really it's
very nice can you try it on oh yes
the changing room's up there
i'll take it phone the others okay
how much is it 250 pounds
can i pay by american express of course
jay we got one
yes we're going home now see you later
wow that's perfect how much was it
250 pounds 250 pounds
it's alison
hi hi
what's wrong uh i had an accident with
your dress
so i bought another one for you for
tonight
oh thank you it's almost the same
as yours
oh this dress is much more beautiful
it's gorgeous the other one only cost
10 pounds 10 pounds
yes i got it second hand from a charity
shop
next time helen forget paris milan and
new york head straight for a charity
shop
on sunday mornings we usually just sit
around and read the papers
it's so relaxing after a busy week this
is good
a weekend in barcelona including flights
and hotel
120 pounds that's cheap
i went to barcelona about three years
ago did you have a good time
it was brilliant the food was wonderful
and the nightlife
how long did you stay for a week
we stayed in a four-star hotel we
who did you go with a friend
have you ever been to barcelona no i
haven't
here's another one paris 190 pounds
paris is fantastic i went known as a
student
i went when i was at school so romantic
so you've been to paris too then of
course i have where else have you been
rome prague i love prague
new york new york's great
what about you where have you been matt
well nowhere nowhere
i've been to scotland that's astonishing
do you mean to say you've never been
abroad
only scotland you poor thing
why don't you go to barcelona it's
really cheap
and you haven't had a holiday this year
no
i went home to birmingham birmingham's
not exactly
exotic why don't you go no reason
how about next weekend
i could do i suppose come on
let's book your ticket all right
how on the internet of course
there flight jm 514 to barcelona
friday the 23rd of may at nine o'clock
in the evening
check in at 7 30. what do i do
between half past seven and nine o'clock
you get your boarding pass and you wait
in the departure lounge
hang on haven't you ever flown before
no i've never been on an airplane
actually i'm a bit uh nervous
terrified oh matt
don't be silly flying's really exciting
what about this one that was a holiday
in l.a
i had a girlfriend there how long um
we were together for about six months no
i mean how long did the flight take
about 10 hours 10 hours
what did you do for 10 hours
watch films eight slept anyway your
flight's only two hours
have you packed yet no i haven't
it might be a good idea
oh right
[Music]
[Applause]
have you packed everything yes i have
passport yes suntan cream
yes your toothbrush i've packed
everything
have your phone for a taxi yet i did it
15 minutes ago
that's it well go on
where are you off to barcelona oh have
fun
have a great time matt thanks
bye adios hi hasta
visa
safe journey
hello no i haven't
that's impossible i've just taken it out
of my pocket
i've got it here
oh no i've taken yours
matt had a wonderful time in barcelona
and the flight
he loved it in fact he's thinking about
taking
flying lessons first one
lobster lobster right
remember s here love lobster
lobster number two shrimp
remember this is sh
so we have to sh okay shrimp
shrimp number three
squa squa
squid squid
octopus
octopus for american english and in
british english we say
octopus octopus octopus
american english octopus octopus
number five remember
this is korra crab crab
crab number six
salmon salmon this is this is the kind
of fish
right salmon salmon
seven a kind of fish two
tuna tuna tuna is american english
in british english we say tu tuna
tuna american english tuna
tuna number eight sk
scallop scallop scallop
american english british english scar
scala scholar and american english
scallop scallop number nine
muscle muscle ten
oyster oyster
number eleven club
clam clam and number 12
gel lip fish remember
jellyfish jellyfish